hd-idle: add page (#17466)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/hd-idle.md

# hd-idle

> Utility program for spinning-down external disks after a period of idle time.

> > More information: <https://hd-idle.sourceforge.net/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/hd-idle>.
```
There's no anchor point in the official documentation webpage to automatically scroll to the usage section. I'd use manned in this case.

> - There needs to be a service running for auto-spin down. By default hard disks will spin down after 10 minutes of inactivity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start a service to manage hard drive spin down. By default hard disks will spin down after 10 minutes of inactivity:
```

> `/etc/init.d/hd-idle start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systemctl start hd-idle`
```
Likely applies to more people

- Spin down a disk immediately:

> `hd-idle -t sda`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hd-idle -t {{/dev/sdX}}`
```

> - Set idle time to 0 (meaning hd-idle will never try to spin down a disk), then set explicit idle times (in seconds) for disks which have the string "sda" or "sdb" in their device name (sda to spin down after 5 min of inactivity, sdb - after 20 min):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set disks to never spin down, then set explicit idle times (in seconds) for disks which have "sda" or "sdb" in their device name:
```

> `hd-idle -i 0 -a sda -i 300 -a sdb -i 1200`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hd-idle -i 0 -a /dev/sda -i {{300}} -a /dev/sdb -i {{1200}}`
```
